Clarify warning about Let/Variable/Hypothesis outside sections and turn it as error by default (#18880)
coq/coq: doc/sphinx/language/core/assumptions.rst

   :name: ‘ident’ already exists. (Axiom)
   :undocumented:

> .. warn:: Use of "Variable" or "Hypothesis" outside sections behaves as "#[local] Parameter" or "#[local] Axiom".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. error:: Use of "Variable" or "Hypothesis" outside sections behaves like "#[local] Parameter" or "#[local] Axiom".
```

If it's an error by default, let's show it in the manual as an error.

Author: Error would probably be `.. exn::` but this is still technically a warning. The fact that it's an error by default doesn't prevent userzs from disabling or silencing it like any other warning. I think we tend to keep documenting those are warnings then.

>    Warning generated when using :cmd:`Variable` or its equivalent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Generated when using :cmd:`Variable` or its equivalent
```

since it's not always a warning (and not by default)

   instead of :n:`Local Parameter` or its equivalent.

>    This warning errors by default, but it can be convenient to turn it
>    off during debuging activities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This message is an error by default, but it can be convenient to turn it
   off during debugging activities.
```

IIUC it can be an error, a warning or completely hidden.  If it can no longer be a warning, please tweak the wording here and above to reflect that.
